As ticket bookings for various sports around the world are expanding and growing at a rapid rate, the Athletic Complex Ticketing Service
will prove to be an innovation that will aid customers and businesses by incorpating a smooth system to purchase tickets and providing 
a secure transaction between the user and the business. Our service will have an effective algorithm to guarantee customer satisfaction
by quickly generating up to 5000 events that will be happening within 3 weeks for the customer to look through and determine the most
feasible ticket prices. The system will be modeled as a client-server architecture, which will be critical in implementing a strong and
centralized security system that will be capable of load balancing during peak hours of system usage. Although the Athletic Complex
Service can be compared to other popular ticketing systems, our system's unique user interface design and fast checkout system
will make ticket bookings quick and simple for the customer. In addition, our system is economically efficient in minimizing major hardware costs for the user, since the user would not need to install any servers or hardware to successfully use the system. Users can simply connect to the software rather than spending money on specific hardware costs on top of the cost of purchasing the event ticket itself. From the beginning of the project, our team was effective and clear regarding the various aspects and goals of our system and what we wanted to accomplish throughout the design. There was only some deviation in determining the number of events that we thought our system could successfully display to the user, where some members argued that 5000 events may be too much for the system. However, by establishing an efficient algorithm for the system, we came to a consensus that the system can handle up to 5000 events without causing major slowdowns or malfunctions for the customer's use. We are looking forward to distributing and implementing the system in as many locations as possible so every sports fanatic can have the opportunity to book the next big sports event!
